#NIST-800-53-IA-5
##Authenticator Management
#### Description
"The organization manages information system authenticators by:
  a.  Verifying, as part of the initial authenticator distribution, the identity of the individual, group, role, or device receiving the authenticator;
  b.  Establishing initial authenticator content for authenticators defined by the organization;
  c.  Ensuring that authenticators have sufficient strength of mechanism for their intended use;
  d.  Establishing and implementing administrative procedures for initial authenticator distribution, for lost/compromised or damaged authenticators, and for revoking authenticators;
  e.  Changing default content of authenticators prior to information system installation;
  f.  Establishing minimum and maximum lifetime restrictions and reuse conditions for authenticators;
  g.  Changing/refreshing authenticators [Assignment: organization-defined time period by authenticator type];
  h.  Protecting authenticator content from unauthorized disclosure and modification;
  i.  Requiring individuals to take, and having devices implement, specific security safeguards to protect authenticators; and
  j.  Changing authenticators for group/role accounts when membership to those accounts changes."
#### Ansible Tower

##### a
'This is an organizational control outside the scope of configuring
Ansible Tower.'


##### b
'Ansible Tower does not have the capability to establish initial
authenticator content for authenticators defined by the organization
(e.g. complexity requirements in IA-4).

To satisfy this control an external authentication service, such
as Red Hat IdM, must be used. This control is not applicable to
Ansible Tower when an external authentication service is used.'


##### c
'Ansible Tower does not have the capability to ensure that
authenticators have sufficient strength of mechanism for their
intended use.

To satisfy this control an external authentication service, such
as Red Hat IdM, must be used. This control is not applicable to
Ansible Tower when an external authentication service is used.'


##### d
'This is an organizational control outside the scope of configuring
Ansible Tower.'


##### e
'Ansible Tower does not have default account authenticators.
Authenticators used during the installation of Ansible Tower,
such as passwords for the embeded database, are created by the
system administratur during the Ansible Tower installation.
This is non-configurable behavior.

This requirement is not applicable to the
configuration of Ansible Tower.'


##### f
'Ansible Tower does not have the capability to establish
minimum and maximum lifetime restrictions and reuse
conditions for authenticators.

To satisfy this control an external authentication service,
such as Red Hat IdM, must be used. This control is not
applicable to Ansible Tower when an external authentication
service is used.'


##### g
'Ansible Tower does not have the capability to change/refresh
authenticators after an organizationally-defined time period
by authenticator type.

To satisfy this control an external authentication service,
such as Red Hat IdM, must be used. This control is not
applicable to Ansible Tower when an external authentication
service is used.'


##### h
'Ansible Tower uses SSH to connect to remote hosts (or the Windows
equivalent). In order to pass the key from Tower to SSH, the key must
be decrypted before it can be written to a named pipe. Tower then uses
that pipe to send the key to SSH (so that it is never written to disk).

If passwords are used, Ansible Tower handles those by responding
directly to the password prompt and decrypting the password before
writing it to the prompt.

The encryption/decryption algorithm uses a variation of Fernet: a
symmetric encryption cipher utilizing AES-256 in CBC mode alongside
a SHA-256 HMAC. Specific, sensitive, Model fields in Tower are
encrypted and include:

CREDENTIAL
  - password
  - ssh_key_data
  - ssh_key_unlock
  - become_password
  - vault_password

UNIFIED JOB:
  - start_args

Data is encrypted before it is saved to the database and it is
decrypted as needed in Tower. The encryption/decryption process
derives the AES-256 bit encryption key from
<SECRET_KEY, field_name, primary_key> where field_name is the
field_name of the Model field and primary_key is the database assigned
auto-incremented record ID. Thus, if any attribute used in the key
generation process changes, Tower fails to correctly decrypt the
secret.'


##### i
'This is an organizational control outside the scope of configuring
Ansible Tower.'


##### j
'This is an organizational control outside the scope of configuring
Ansible Tower.'

