#NIST-800-53-AU-3
##Content Of Audit Records
#### Description
"The information system generates audit records containing information that establishes what type of event occurred, when the event occurred, where the event occurred, the source of the event, the outcome of the event, and the identity of any individuals or subjects associated with the event."
#### Ansible Tower
'By default Ansible Tower generates audit records containing
information that establishes what type of event occured,
when the event occured, where the event occured, the source
of the event, the outcome of the event, and the identity
of individuals or subjects associated with the event.

Ansible Tower cannot be configured to be out of compliance
with this control.

A sample audit record is provided below.

TYPE OF EVENT:
The "operation" field identifies the type of event recorded.
In this case, a new user was created.

WHEN THE EVENT OCCURED:
The "timestamp" field indicates the system time of
when the event occured. In this example the event happened
at 2018-06-19T00:46:45.337458Z.

WHERE THE EVENT OCCURED:
The "X-API-Node" field indicates where the event occured. In
this example, the host was tower.redhatgov.io.

SOURCE OF EVENT:
The "actor" field indicates the "alice" username initiated
this event.

OUTCOME OF EVENT:
The "changes" field indicate the user was created with
associated metadata such as first_name and last_name.

IDENTITY OF INDIVIDUALS/OBJECTS INVOLVED:
The "summary_fields" indicates an actor with the username "alice"
created a new user with the username "bob."

Full documentation of all available fields is
available in the Ansible Tower product documentation:

https://docs.ansible.com/ansible-tower/latest/html/towerapi/activity_stream.html


---
     HTTP 200 OK
     Allow: GET, HEAD, OPTIONS
     Content-Type: application/json
     Vary: Accept
     X-API-Node: tower.redhatgov.io
     X-API-Time: 0.739s
     ....
     {
         "id": 25,
         "type": "activity_stream",
         "url": "/api/v1/activity_stream/25/",
         "related": {
             "user": [
                 "/api/v1/users/4/"
             ],
             "actor": "/api/v1/users/1/"
         },
         "summary_fields": {
             "user": [
                 {
                     "username": "bob",
                     "first_name": "Bob",
                     "last_name": "Ross",
                     "id": 4
                 }
             ],
             "actor": {
                 "username": "alice",
                 "first_name": "Alice",
                 "last_name": "Liddel",
                 "id": 1
             }
         },
         "timestamp": "2018-06-19T00:46:45.337458Z",
         "operation": "create",
         "changes": {
             "username": "bob",
             "first_name": "Bob",
             "last_name": "Ross",
             "is_active": true,
             "id": 4,
             "is_superuser": false,
             "is_staff": false,
             "password": "hidden",
             "email": "bob@ross.com",
             "date_joined": "2018-06-19 00:46:45.314590+00:00"
         },
         "object1": "user",
         "object2": "",
         "object_association": ""
     }
---'

